-: Welcome back.
In this step, we are going
to have a little bit understanding or little bit foundation
about the application load balancer in AWS
before moving on to creating a Ingress manifest, right?
So we'll go ahead and then create a simple load balancer,
application load balancer here,
and then get our hands on about that
before creating it via Kubernetes.
So we went to EC2,
and in EC2, we are going inside load balancers.
And then we are creating a load balancer.
So as usual, we have classic network
and then application load balancer.
So we are creating a application load balancer.
And I can say some temp has the name.
So temp one, not temp two, and the scheme
where this application load balancer should be created,
internet facing are internal.
So it should be internet facing and type is IPv4.
And the load balancer protocol is like load balancer port.
It is going to have that default is going to be E80,
so which we really don't need to define.
So which means, so the default listener,
it is going to get created is going to be E80.
So the listener default is to be E80.
We really don't need to define.
And in which availability once it need to create
and in which VPC?
So we have a VPC for our EKS demo one EKS cluster.
So I'll use that and I'll select one year
and then 1B availability zones
and then I'll also say in public subnet, why?
Because we are using the internet facing,
so it need to be created in public subnet.
So I'll click on next, I'll click on next,
and I'll select some security group.
This is a temporary one
which we are not going to use it for testing.
Some security group is fine and configure routing.
Routing is nothing but the backend part
which is nothing but target group.
So I'll say temp pg, right?
So which is nothing but my backend applications,
whatever I'm going to reach to that
with the name temp tg I have given,
and protocol we are going to have
on our backend application is port 80
just for something as a temporary, okay?
Some engine X application is running in our EC2 instance.
Let's consider that way.
And the path I can say slash.
So in our original case, in our application,
whatever we are going to deploy is 8095 is the port
and our health check path
is going to be user MGMT slash health status.
These are just temporary one which is not going to work.
So we are going to understand
about what we are going to write
using Kubernetes manifest, right?
So this is the target group
and this is the health check details.
Protocol is http
and then health check path is user management health status
and I'm going to use the target type as instance, okay?
And the port we are going to use is 8095.
And we are going to register the target, right?
So these two are the instances present
which are our original instances
related to our EKS worker nodes
and this string here, okay?
And then I am going to click on next and then create it.
So this load balance is not going to work
just for our understanding we have created it.
So now let's go to load balances
and the first thing to check here is the listener.
So default listener is going to be E80, so that's good,
so which means in our Kubernetes manifest also,
we really don't need to write anything about listener.
If it is going to be 80 as your internal port,
whatever you're accessing from external,
which means like from browser,
you really don't need to put port 80.
From browser, you are accessing on port 80.
So you really don't need to define
in your Kubernetes manifest.
And the next thing is rules, right?
So here are the rules, whatever we are going to define.
So currently, it is port 80.
Default action is going to temp tg.
So these information we need to define
in our respective Kubernetes manifest, okay?
So if you want to write additional rule,
you can insert the rule and then say add condition
and then I can say path
and I can say slash app one slash star.
And then, okay.
So if my path is slash app one slash star,
then the action is okay forward two
one of the target group, right?
So target group might be whatever the target group
we want to create.
So I'll set some temp pg and then I can save it.
So like that.
And if I have one more application,
if I can save it and then add one more rule
or with path saying that slash app two,
then go to app two pg, something like that, okay?
So I'll cancel it.
So these are the rules what we need to define.
So this is about listener,
and inside listener, the rules.
So now one more thing important here is target groups,
which will have the backend information ideally.
So now we have created a temp pg.
And inside the backend information in targets,
you'll have the backend information.
So both instances registered with the port 8095.
In our case, it is going to wear dynamic node port, port,
whatever we are going to get here
with the same EC2 worker node instances.
So that we are going to write
in our Kubernetes manifest anyway.
And these are the health check settings,
which is nothing but protocol http paths,
user mgmt, health status,
traffic port are some other port you want to health check
on that respect to EC2 instances,
health threshold, unhealthy threshold.
All these details we need to provide
whether stickiness is required or not.
So these are the informations we need to write
in our respect to Kubernetes manifest.
So before going and writing it,
we should have a level set at about the ground
what we are going to write, right?
So for that purpose, we have created this
and then understood a little bit foundation
about this load balance.
So I'm going to delete it which we really don't need now.
So I'm going to delete it.
So this is deleted.
We'll also delete that target group.
Right? Good.
And one more thing which we need to understand
is about ALB Ingress annotations.
So this is the reference link
to review our ALB Ingress annotations, right?
So in this, you can find different annotations, okay?
So for example, if you go ahead and then find health, right?
So health check, right?
So all the health check related, whatever you have seen,
the traffic port and then health check port
and health check protocol should be http or https,
and health check path slash user mgmt slash health status,
all these things, we need to define these annotations
in our Kubernetes manifest
which we are creating for Ingress
which means we need to write it in the Ingress manifest.
These details we need to provide
in the annotation section, right?
So that's about these annotations,
and if you want we can even find other annotations
with like basic annotations here,
and all annotations are provided here
related to entire ALB Ingress.
So all these things you can refer
and then whatever is required,
we can start using in our applications.
So we are going to use few annotations
related to health check
and we are going to use few related to traffic routing
and then few related to SSL and SSL redirect.
So like that,
we are going to use a certificate manager related one.
So we are going to use few annotations
in our series of sections in upcoming lectures.
So let's go ahead and then do that now.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye-bye.
Thank you.